Adding ~/.cargo/config.toml local dev instructions. (#341)
LemmyNet/lemmy-docs: src/contributors/02-local-development.md

After making changes, you need to format the code with `cargo +nightly fmt --all` and run the linter with `./scripts/lint.sh`.

If you'd like to speed up compilation times, you can add the following to `~/.cargo/config.toml` (requires nightly rust).

```toml
[unstable]

> codegen-backend = true

Reviewer: From the docs it sounds like this has no effect at all on its own.

https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/unstable.html#codegen-backend

[build]

> rustflags = ["-Clink-arg=-fuse-ld=lld", "-Zthreads=16"]

Reviewer: Better to define these things in `~/.cargo/config.toml` so it applies to all projects. [mold](https://github.com/rui314/mold) is supposed to be even faster than lld, though you need to install it separately. You can also use [sccache](https://github.com/mozilla/sccache).

```toml
[build]
rustc-wrapper = "/usr/bin/sccache"

[target.x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu]
linker = "clang"
rustflags = ["-C", "link-arg=-fuse-ld=/usr/bin/mold", "-Z", "threads=16"]
```

Author: > Better to define these things in ~/.cargo/config.toml

I do have that in L93.

Nice, didn't know about these ones. I'll add those and update this now.

After making changes, you need to format the code with `cargo +nightly fmt --all` and run the linter with `./scripts/lint.sh`.

> If you'd like to speed up compilation times, you can install [mold](https://github.com/rui314/mold), and [sccache](https://github.com/mozilla/sccache), then add the following to `~/.cargo/config.toml` (requires nightly rust).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to speed up compilation times, you can install [mold](https://github.com/rui314/mold), and [sccache](https://github.com/mozilla/sccache), then add the following to `~/.cargo/config.toml`. Note that the parameter `-Zthreads=x` only works on nightly Rust.
```
